Ah Li Feng
Li Feng I have money
I still have money
I can give you money
Can you let me go?
Money You think I want money
Oh no
Fengge Fengge
We can collaborate
I, Liu Jia, can help you.
I, Liu Jia, can help you make a lot of money
And Li Jia
Then we can work together
Strive to be the world's number one
You said there is no one in this world who doesn't lack money, right?
What a coincidence
I am the only person in the world who has enough money
Yeah
Go back and tell Li Hongyi
Our war has begun
What other means does he have?
Despite
Thank you, Mr. Lin
Fortunately, I have you today
Otherwise I
Congratulations to the host for successfully turning the Blue Moon Soldier into a licking dog
Get 20 times the cash back
Successful 20 times return money to the account
You take this 1 million as compensation.
Thank you, Brother Feng
Manager Qian is still waiting for me at the company
I won't send you back.
Okay hehe
It seems that I have been
You shouldn't choose someone like Meng Fei.